- **Note: This is a new account, and the contributions and activity graph are apparently limited due to the old account being linked to my school email, which will be deleted after I graduate (the Github account will still be active). Please refer to @DavidHDT for a complete record of my contributions to the existing projects attached to this account and I am happy to discuss any skills and experience regarding the projects I have built/contributed to. I acknowledge that all projects existing in this GitHub account have been created and developed by my collaborators (for several group projects) and me, and that they are our collective assets.
- 👋 Welcome to Hoang Hai (David)'s project corner. As a passionate full-stack developer with experience in building robust and scalable applications, my expertise lies in Python, Java, Javascript, Cloud services, AI/ML pipelines, and Data Mining techniques. I'm always eager to learn new things and explore the latest trends in the tech industry.
- 👀 Fun fact about me: Singing while debugging helps me spot bugs and come up with efficient solutions. Why? Because for me, every application is just as a musical piece, where the structure of a music scale represents a multi-layered issue in which you have to look for the root problem and go through every step. By tailoring each and every note of the song, you are, symbolically, learning in a tempo-paced rate and paying attention to every detail of the program problems. 
- 🌱 I am interested in and exploring Data Science and Machine Learning at the moment. It would be nice to have a chat about these emerging topics with someone having the same interests and concerns. 
- 📫 Feel free to explore my repositories and projects, and don't hesitate to reach out @davetory.vu@gmail.com or Gruhh#5298 on Discord if you have any questions or would like to collaborate on a project. Thanks for visiting and enjoy!

<!---
Davetory/Davetory is a ✨ special ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.
You can click the Preview link to take a look at your changes.
--->
